docs: clarify the public-API status of Kotlin DSL packages (#38587)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/reference/dsl-apis/public_apis.adoc

NOTE: The `\*` wildcard matches only classes directly in the package (e.g., `org.gradle.Foo`), but **does not include subpackages** like `org.gradle.something.Foo`.
Conversely, the `**` wildcard matches the noted package and its subpackages.

[[kotlin_dsl_packages]]
== Kotlin DSL packages

> The Kotlin DSL provides a public API on top of the Gradle API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kotlin DSL provides a public API on top of the Gradle API.                                                                                                              
The following Kotlin DSL packages are public API:                                                                                                                         

* `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl`                                                                                                                                                   
* `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.plugins.dsl`   
* `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.precompile`                                                                                                                                        
                                          
```

> Only the top-level `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl` package is public API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Its subpackages, such as `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.support`, are internal implementation details and must not be used from plugins or build scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subpackages of these, for example `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.support` or `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.provider`, are internal implementation details and must not be used from plugins or build scripts.        
```

NOTE: The `\*` wildcard matches only classes directly in the package (e.g., `org.gradle.Foo`), but **does not include subpackages** like `org.gradle.something.Foo`.
Conversely, the `**` wildcard matches the noted package and its subpackages.

[[kotlin_dsl_packages]]
== Kotlin DSL packages

The Kotlin DSL provides a public API on top of the Gradle API.
The following Kotlin DSL packages are public API:

* `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl`
* `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.plugins.dsl`
* `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.precompile`

> Subpackages of these, for example `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.support` or `org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.provider`, are internal implementation details and must not be used from plugins or build scripts.

Reviewer 2: Let's use the same presentation as above. No need to repeat the wildcard rule.

```suggestion
[source,text]
----
org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.*  (top-level classes only — excludes subpackages)
org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.plugins.dsl.*
org.gradle.kotlin.dsl.precompile.*
----

```
